For this project, I have defined six modules, as well as an index script which is the entry point for the CLI. The index file parses three arguments from the command line, a source file, a destination file, and a function. There are four functions on the index, each of which is similarly structured. Each reads a file, passes that data to the bitmap module which parses the file to get its metadata, passes the parsed data to the desired transformation module, and finally writes the returned altered data to the destination file. Furthermore, if the user does not supply the proper expected arguments to the command line, there are messages built in to display to the user. For instance, if either the source file or destination file do not end in .bmp, an error message is displayed to the user, and it is suggested they type 'bmptransform help' for help with using the CLI. If a user types 'bmptransform help', the index script also calls the help function from the help module. The help module takes no parameters and simply displays to the console the names of the functions (with their descriptions) and accepted input to the command line. The bitmap module contains one function which takes raw data as input and returns an object which contains the parsed data. Each of the remaining modules (addcontrast, bwtransform, flipcolors and randomcolors) takes the parsed data, performs a transform on the buffer and returns the transformed object. These functions determine whether or not a color table is present and act accordingly.
